just came live with your host Matt
McAfee
hello ladies and gentlemen i'm at the
McConaughey we have a great show for you
today
we are doing a personal shooting of you
with stone cold 80 he currently is with
us right now
stone Cote thanks for coming here
thanks for having me I have a couple
questions for you everyone from youtuber
wondering why do you do strap your
brakes why do I do these planks what the
guy I'm some kind of gesture now got a
joke one so god joke one you think I
grew up here and drive me funny
and don't go at IDO trying to be funny
this is ridiculous you think I'm some
kind of plumb one
you think I'm some Campos Oh what you
think I'm a jester one you think I'm a
mind one we think I am mr. funny man
calm down stone coating to your last
looks and hips damn question now you
know people are wondering what is your
better bear what's to encode et's finger
pin
I'm gonna go there and whip your last
right now stone-cold favorite better is
anyone what's his winner
what is this where both things open
there's been all of my B what do you
think my favorite balance any kind of
bear give y'all a yeah
that's making all the Bell which don't
go Steve Alton oh hell yeah well I heard
you on the Opie and Anthony show I'm
Cyrus radio and asked you a question he
said does stone cold ET smoke pop well
do you do I smoke pot
do I smell ah ah you're gonna piss me
off with these stupid questions do I
look like a smoke but what do I look
like a teacher John what do I look like
a Helen Kumar what do I look like fast
times do I look like you're milking barn
this is don't do anything here oh yeah
that's my answer
jackass what I smoke pot so what do you
think about all those negative youtubers
saying that you're a one-hit wonder one
a one-hit wonder one this stone quarry
tea cares about negative youtubers deep
down inside I really hate those piece of
trash pieces of garbage and I like to
open count whoop-ass on them and walk it
dry you know these little motors like a
sit home and go on youtube and watch
tons of porn I went too deep down inside
still too meaty will whoop your ass if I
saw you on the street now I have a
question for you how are you with the
ladies never fix my damn gun my hood
girl but your question is what I was
don't going to go with the girls you
know I'm good you know I'm a man you
know I'm a pimp
I've been macking on those Souls get
stole corty when I applied and what
about
upbeat way about bladder out there goes
my robe again that shit pissed me off
but you have to question still calling t
oh he's max the house always backs to
bitches always act the Linda McMahon's
it doesn't matter let's go I get I get
them all but here's the thing here's the
thing you don't know how don't go into
what when you don't know much don't go
out there have tons of woman but my
laughter here was a stone-cold Fox
do we have a picture of his ex-wife oh
my what is that that is a simply nasty
no big stone Tony T's gonna go one visit
and said that's not chicken
you know Pixies fun how about go there
and whoop don't pray oh boy house you
know I sit here is chair and I'm from
Texas I have um damn he got self stuff
goat in your way shit boy don't go he is
gonna whoop your way hold on don't put
et I didn't mean it bed get away from me
I'm gonna whip your killer over your
damn jackass I give you a piece of stock
going tea
if you want start going to tea to
continue whooping people's asses give me
a ball hell yeah shut this crap off get
this out
you